README.md, before:

<a name="readme-top"></a>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
    - [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
    - [Key Features](#key-features)
  - [🚀 Live Demo](#live-demo)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Install](#install)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Run tests](#run-tests)
  - [Deployment](#triangular_flag_on_post-deployment)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [🔭 Future Features](#future-features)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [❓ FAQ (OPTIONAL)](#faq)
- [📝 License](#license)

<!-- PROJECT DESCRIPTION -->

# 📖 TWENTIES LEADERSHIP SUMMIT 2023 <a name="about-project"></a>

**TWENTIES LEADERSHIP SUMMIT 2023** is a website that gives information about the developmental program designed to create a profound shift in the thinking and behavior of twenties.

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>

  Client
  
- HTML, CSS, JS
- No Frameworks
- Technologies Used- HTML, CSS, JS, GIT, Linters (GitHub Actions, Lighthouse, Webhint, Stylelint)

<!-- Features -->

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>

- It gives information about twenties leadership summit 2023.
- It showcases past summits.


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LIVE DEMO -->

## 🚀 Live Demo <a name="live-demo"></a>

- [Live Demo Link](https://seyioyemade.github.io/microverse-module-1-capstone-project/)


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>


To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.

### Prerequisites

In order to run this project you need:

You need to have npm installed on your PC first.



### Setup

Clone this repository to your desired folder:

[https://github.com/seyioyemade/microverse-module-1-capstone-project]



### Install

Install this project with:

-Copy the URL [https://github.com/seyioyemade/microverse-module-1-capstone-project.git].

-In Visual Studio Code “Terminal” change the current working directory to the location where you want the cloned directory.

-Type git clone in the terminal, paste the URL you copied earlier, and press “enter” to create your local clone.

git clone https://github.com/seyioyemade/microverse-module-1-capstone-project.git



### Usage

To run the project, execute the following command:


### Run tests

To run tests, run the following command:


### Deployment

You can deploy this project using:

- GitHub Page


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- AUTHORS -->

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>


👤 **Seyi Oyemade**

- GitHub: [@seyioyemade](https://github.com/seyioyemade)
- Twitter: [@seyi_oyemade](https://twitter.com/@seyi_oyemade)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/seyi-oyemade-523ab1142/)


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- FUTURE FEATURES -->

## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>

- Develop registration page


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/seyioyemade/microverse-module-1-capstone-project/issues).


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- SUPPORT -->

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

If you like this project and would love to show your support, please contact the author.


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

- I would like to thank [Microverse](https://www.microverse.org/) for giving this opportunity to learn.
- Code Reviewers & Coding Partners.
- Hat tip to anyone whose code was used.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- FAQ (optional) -->


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.

Commit message:

Give appropriate credit to Cindy Shin, the author of the original design

README.md, after:

<a name="readme-top"></a>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
    - [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
    - [Key Features](#key-features)
  - [🚀 Live Demo](#live-demo)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Install](#install)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Run tests](#run-tests)
  - [Deployment](#triangular_flag_on_post-deployment)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [🔭 Future Features](#future-features)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [❓ FAQ (OPTIONAL)](#faq)
- [📝 License](#license)

<!-- PROJECT DESCRIPTION -->

# 📖 TWENTIES LEADERSHIP SUMMIT 2023 <a name="about-project"></a>

**TWENTIES LEADERSHIP SUMMIT 2023** is a website that gives information about the developmental program designed to create a profound shift in the thinking and behavior of twenties.

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>

  Client
  
- HTML, CSS, JS
- No Frameworks
- Technologies Used- HTML, CSS, JS, GIT, Linters (GitHub Actions, Lighthouse, Webhint, Stylelint)

<!-- Features -->

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>

- It gives information about twenties leadership summit 2023.
- It showcases past summits.


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LIVE DEMO -->

## 🚀 Live Demo <a name="live-demo"></a>

- [Live Demo Link](https://seyioyemade.github.io/microverse-module-1-capstone-project/)


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>


To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.

### Prerequisites

In order to run this project you need:

You need to have npm installed on your PC first.



### Setup

Clone this repository to your desired folder:

[https://github.com/seyioyemade/microverse-module-1-capstone-project]



### Install

Install this project with:

-Copy the URL [https://github.com/seyioyemade/microverse-module-1-capstone-project.git].

-In Visual Studio Code “Terminal” change the current working directory to the location where you want the cloned directory.

-Type git clone in the terminal, paste the URL you copied earlier, and press “enter” to create your local clone.

git clone https://github.com/seyioyemade/microverse-module-1-capstone-project.git



### Usage

To run the project, execute the following command:


### Run tests

To run tests, run the following command:


### Deployment

You can deploy this project using:

- GitHub Page


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- AUTHORS -->

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>


👤 **Seyi Oyemade**

- GitHub: [@seyioyemade](https://github.com/seyioyemade)
- Twitter: [@seyi_oyemade](https://twitter.com/@seyi_oyemade)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/seyi-oyemade-523ab1142/)


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- FUTURE FEATURES -->

## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>

- Develop registration page


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/seyioyemade/microverse-module-1-capstone-project/issues).


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- SUPPORT -->

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

If you like this project and would love to show your support, please contact the author.


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

- I would like to thank [Microverse](https://www.microverse.org/) for giving this opportunity to learn.
- I would like to thank [Cindy Shin](https://www.behance.net/adagio07), the author of the original design.
- Code Reviewers & Coding Partners.
- Hat tip to anyone whose code was used.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- FAQ (optional) -->


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.
